Docs for Kiln downloading HTML (#371)
SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-AssemblyLine-documentation: docs/automated_testing.md

- A report of the result from all the tests.
- Pictures of screens where ALKiln ran into errors or unexpected behavior.

>   - The HTML of pages where ALKiln ran into errors or unexpected behavior.

Reviewer: Nit: This list item looks indented. Is that intentional? If it is intentional, maybe there should be a list of two items - the picture and the html?

Author: This was intentional; I treat the HTML and the pictures as kinda one thing everywhere else, (i.e. it's not a separate thing you have to think about, I want the idea of "screenshot" to include the picture and the HTML). I see how it's a bit confusing though. I'll clarify this a bit further when fixing up the typos in a different branch.

- A folder for each test (or Scenario) named using your Scenario description.
- A report for that specific Scenario, as well as pictures you took of screens and the associated HTML of that page, files you downloaded, and pictures of any errors it caused with its HTML.

### Error pictures and HTML files

ALKiln will try to take pictures of pages that run into errors. The names of those files use the id of the page where the error happened. There you might see that the test was unable to continue to the next page because required fields weren't filled, or that a variable wasn't defined. ALKiln avoids taking pictures of erroring pages when the page used GitHub secrets in case they contain sensitive information.

> Each time ALKiln takes a picture, it also saves the HTML of the page; this HTML file will have the same name of the picture, but will end with `.html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each time ALKiln takes a picture, it also saves the HTML of the page; this HTML file will have the same name as the picture, but will end with `.html`.
```

Maybe they're both correct grammar, I wasn't sure.

> You can open this HTML file in your browser to interact with page and inspect the page's HTML further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can open this HTML file in your browser to interact with the page and inspect the page's HTML further.
```

The page in your browser might not look like the picture, and you shouldn't expect it too.

> However, in the HTML, you can look at what particular options might have been available in a drop down, or if there were any accessibilty errors on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in the HTML, you can look at what particular options might have been available in a drop down, or examine any accessibility errors.
```

Alternatively, just the spelling:
```suggestion
However, in the HTML, you can look at what particular options might have been available in a drop down, or if there were any accessibility errors on the page.
```

<!-- TODO: Rearrange - Maybe use this section to refer to another section that is more focused on setting arbitrary environment variables in general -->

> You can use GitHub secrets to set environment variable values with sensitive information. For example, a password. ALKiln will avoid taking error pictures or download the HTML of pages with sensitive information. The value of a secret variable will not appear anywhere in the report or in the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use GitHub secrets to set environment variable values with sensitive information. For example, a password. ALKiln will avoid taking error pictures or downloading the HTML of pages with sensitive information. The value of a secret variable will not appear anywhere in the report or in the console.
```
